

PARAMOUNT
GADING SERPONG
Everything & Here

Locdted oo pradmately 18 kilometers on the westem side of Jokorta, Paramount Goding Serpong is an indepencent city that has become o new economic
hub ond o resicience for over 120.000 residiants. This city is positioned ino highly strategic locotion, surrounded by large development oreo: and is
conmmected to the Jokorta-Merok toll road, Serpong-Boloraja bal read, and ORR 2 Jokorto-Serpong tof rood, providing direct gccess to Joborto,

Seekorro-Hanta iibernaboendl Airport, Merok Cart, ond otter major cites in Jobedetobek

Poromeunt Lond, one of the moin developers of Paramount Gading Serpong, professionally manages this oreo covering auprosimatety 1,000 hectares
ond develops residential commercial, ond recreational facilites, olong with city infrastructure and o variety of offer amenities ranging from ecducaonal

foolities such os schools and Universities ta hotels and hospitals. The increasing value of the.city is rehected in the rani growth rate of Gading Serang,

which has reached 15% (vor),

Bose on compreahenshe ond up-to-date research, Paramount Goding Serpong continuously presents a variety of property products that meet the
intenests and needs of the community over time, To dote, there are more than-40 inhobited clusters formiddle to upper-class communities, equipped with
the best utilithes, infrastructure, ond omenities. Matera Residences, Pasacdeno-Grond Residences, Grond Posodeio Village, Altadendo Residences and

Menteng Grand ore some of the exciistve residential projects by Poramount Gading Serpong that hove recelved a postive response fram the public,

High Connectivity Gnd Gccess8ly hove sigrficonthy’ boosted the development of commerciol-oand Sisiness areas in Gading Serpong, posiicning. £ asa
prefered destination for the Tangerang Royo ond Greater Jobarta (lasodetabe) communities, Paramount Gading Serpeng ploys.a phatol rale in
shaping vibrant culinary and business nubs ocross its key districts, including Maggiore District, Victoria Central District, and other established commercial
ares. The Souler commercial tone, known as “The Most Vibront Comercio? in Goding Serpong, features more than 250 budinesses ocross
developments such as Maggiore, ‘Sorrento, Pisa Grande, Mendrisig, and surrounding arecss. In addition, Manhattan [istrict ls being developed as-one of the

Drominent Dusiness: Gistricts in the one

45 port of tts continued expansion, Roramourt Goding Serpong Is also developing Pasadena Contra District, 0 londmork mixed-use covelopmeant
sponming. approximately 40 hectares, strateqiooly located olongthe main boulevard of Goding Serpong—positionedas the largest control dictrict hub that

INtegroles Commercionond residentiol environments wethin the township.

Poromoaunt Lond, os the developer, continues te develop Ooromeunt Goding Serpong.as o one-stop destination thot futtiis o wide range of dolly reads,
from Iiving, working, ond condicting business bo recreation and imeestment. Through Paramount Estate Monogerment, the city is professionoity managed,
eroanized, and sustainably maintained, while continuously fostering communky harman, through yvoricus flagship programs.

This reflects Giaromaunt Land's commitment to. crowing together with the community, in ine with its comeangte tagine “Buliging Homes and Pecmie with

Heart” 45 otoanship, Paramount Goding Serpong delivers .o complete and integrated Ivingenvironment=where even thing Is here.

* BEST DOW NSE DEVELOPER ASTAI026 « BEST DOWN SHMEVELOFER PO ES 200s - HES EOI IQUE LUX UI HOS boG De VELOPMENT (BEATER LK AR TA) 2005
7 UA ABUL EL LE LOPS IN bo AS OWT VOM PROTEC DOe TLE YEAR oat BEET PON OER MNT PROyERST s
TO TEN DVL OPES 0 = ELC ON! THE VAR 304

© OTTO ASIP OE
« BEST WELLNESS AES

OTP LASLAP 2004) BW MSP ey © a es ATTA Se ds SA ey Ee,
LOE ELOP MEATS = BEET LS LAME APILIMES i Od © EEC I DI LP ACAD TSR
© BEST ORLY Ts Te ELT PATA L ES OUST NG De EPs
“1157 OOMASIAIAL GY ERLOFEE, UHOOMISLAINIO + BST N AT SMM ILCTAL LOOT 304 = GST COMMER CLA. Cor, Ssh
7 BEST HEGH EMD HO SING DEV ELOG MENT OGREATER AK ARTA? Ins MOST INMOWATTYE COMMERCIAL DEY LOPS mad.
> DEVELOPER OF THE TEAR. IRD = TOP) DEVELOPERS 2 + EAPO PAU DEC) 22 + BEET ECO PREC HOON Sor BEST LOGY RISE COMLMER ICAL Ie)
REST PREAIUM HOUGING FROME 1d -



_ "A New Genre pl Lakeside Luxury". which cerfectiy Straciites tre rigeds ot spacious | interior spate, selective

ts
! ah 1S materials, and on poesilahe building facade, Thissluxun is now seamlessly enhanced by four
=)
—_s : ag - = 5 a = re - it exclusive encipves: Lakeview o qa presteyoussgetertont retreat offering serene, uninterrupted views; Main
ites “S : : es ail ny I ae Be : ; a “= Boulevard; featuring o vibrant streetScape-and-privcte backyards for alfresco living;-Green Tunnel, an
a Ly ined, O resort-like setting with gracefully winding roods

cui eis i op A Ny —— a
X eit

en ne rr ne et te ee er ee een mid Rene tet eee et es ne
md ST ea | i a


. mm: wal “ae

Dh, hy Mia

LARES IDE

Positioned along the grand boulevard, Uhis enclave presents 4 vibram and

distinguished streetacape enhanced by a lush landscaped median.

Residences feature thoughtfully designed private lifestyle backyards that

support alfresce living and imimate gatherings. It offers a perfect balance
between prominence, connectivity, and netined living.

ay —— ae
a
4

nt 5 ue C iy

TERIA

Main Gate


Arn tert retreat where residences ane thoughtfully Sea to embrace ae beauty of the lakeside setting.
——7 ore eerene yand refined bel experience. introducing the: signature —DwalPaporamic Balcony'—a distinctive
__acchitectural concept that extends living spaces into two expansive outdoor atear, enhancing openness. natural light. and

“gpatial Thexibility, Whether overlooking the lake or bush surroundings, it creates a seamless connection to the environment.
—bajered ahdscaping oncures privacy and security, completing an enclave defined by tranquil luxury.



i % ;
Noa



Characterized by gracefully winding roads, this
enclave fosters a sense of slow, intentional living
within 4 regort-like setiing. The curvilinear layout
enhances safety, privacy, and a dynamic spatial
experience through ever-changing perspectives. It
offers a tranquil and exclusive environment where
Spatial elegance defines everyday living.



Luxu ry Amenities
Community Club

The Matera Community Chub is thoughtfully designed as a vibrant social hub where residents can connect, unwind, and
embrace an actlve, well-balanced Medtylo. lt carves ata dynamle space that encowages Interaction, recreation, and

meaningful everyday experiences,

Seton an expansive area of approximately 5.000 sqm. the club is crafted with a spacious layout and a strong emphasis
‘on comfort and openness, Every detail is curated to create an environment that reflects the refined character and

elevated living eapenence of the Matera community,

More than just a facility, the Matera Community Club stands asa central lifestyle destination that brings the community

together, shaping 4 harmonious and entiched way of living.

Mni-fureti Infinity Fs
arin ee whch & Puit-putt Golf Swimming Pool oo) Bowling

——= § Kids Pool alley

Children & Sport Hail de, Exercise Area

Playground mea (indoor & Outdoor)

. Lounge i
ae Li tay wy {indoor & Gutdoor) —

=f
BELL

MADERA

a) 8


we
co
oi |
=
x=
<f
co
i

tandard

a

rner &

e | Fj
— 3 w = re et (ites
A. ~~ _ =o

e © =a», | ral
q | o 8 > an Li E-
: —_ }


Isometric Design

3" Floor

209 Floor

2 Floor Living Roam
Kid's Bedroam

Balcony

Master Bedroom

Panoramic Glass
Canopy

1* Fhosr

Dining Room, Kitchen

rr a AM N alll
a lh, all id Hl

tl

Foyer

Living Reom

WAS SA SAS

Bedroom

Carport



corner & Standard

9x18
CORNER

Loanrnef
Var

Aree

Building Aram

278 m-*

fa Pn) '

4+ S+1

fC

on

»

i Fy
bs

‘Repent mseiies be msee Eng weer ers ort

3" Bloor

9x 18
STANDARD

Are

wiz

162

Building Ares

278 m?

a"! Floor


9x18
CORNER
LINEAR |

9x18
STANDARD
| LINEAR |

arid Aree

162 m?

Land Area

Var

Building Aras

279 m?

Building Arca

279 m?

fo Pn) i

4+1 S+1
4 2 1" Blosir 2™ Fiaor 3" Floor ‘Low 2™ Floor # Flor

*Pasebeg tntalates ei
erp merrer m pee beset arrentiy os Fer ie ater
