“hy
oll d



PARAMOUNT LAND

Building homes and people with heart

GADING SERPONG

Locoted opprammately |B kilometers on the westem side of Jakona, Paramount Goding Sanpang is. an independent city
thot hos become a new economic hub and ao residence for ower 120,000 residents. This city is positioned in a highly
strategic hocation, surrounded by barge development areas, and la connected to the Jokarto-Merak toll road,
Serpong-Boloraje tol road, ond JORR 2 Jakoria-Serpong toll road, providing direct access Io Jakarta, foekomea-Hatta
International Airport, Meroak Pork ond other mojo cities in Jabodetobek.

Paramount Land, ome ol the main develgpers al Gading Sepang City, professionally manages this area covering
Opprocimately 000 hectares ond develops residential, commercial and recrectional facilities, alomg with city
infrastructure and o variety of other amenities ranging from educational faciities such os schools and universities
to hotels ana hospitals. The increasing vobue of the city le reflected in the rapid growth rate of Gading Serpeng, which has
feoched 1% (ev)

Based on comprehensive ond up-to-dote research, Paramount Land continugusly presents a variety of property
Products that meet the interests and needs of the cammunity over time To date. there ara more than 40 inhabited
Clusters for middie to wemer-class communtiies, equipped with the bast utilities, Infrastructure, and omenities. Matera
Residences, Posodeng Grond Residences, and Menteng Grand ore some of the excise residential projects

by Paramount Land thot hove recened o posite response fram ihe public

High connectivity ond accessibility have boosted the daveiopment of commercial and business ares in Gading Serpong,
which has become oa favorite destination for the Tongerang Roya community ond Jobodetabek Parornount Land plays
o significant role in developing culinary and business centers, including the commercial areain the southern part kmown
63 ‘The Mast Vibrant Gornrrearcial’ ir Goding serpang, feuturing over 260 businesses, from Maggiore. Sorrento, Pisa
Grande, Mendrisio, and surrounding oregs. Forameunt Lond is also developing the Manhotton District, the largest
COMMe cial apecenter in Tangerang Royo, covening an cred of 22 hectares.

Paramount Land i¢ dewsaping Sading Sempong City ce o one-stop éolution for fulfilling dolly needs, ranging from living,
working, conducting business, recreation, to investment. Through Paramount Eatete Moragenent, Paramount Lond alec
Prolessionaly monoges, ongenies, and maintaina the city sustainably, serving and upholding communay harmony
in Gading Serpong through VERS Neves hips programs. This reflects Pararnounl Lords carniriimnent 6 Gantinwe growing
together with the community, in line with the company's tagline, ‘Building Homes ond People with Heart’

DISTINGUISHED ACHIEVEMENTS OF PARAMOUNT LAND



PASADENA CENTRAL DISTRICT
THE AMAZING EPICENTRUM

Discover Pasadena Central District, a meticulously planned 40-hectare destination where luxury
homes blend seamlessly with prime commercial spaces. Here, premium residences, thematic
shophouses, and elegant studio lofts are designed to inspire a vibrant and sophisticated lifestyle.

Strategically located along the main boulevard, Pasadena Central District redefines convenience
with the 10-minute city concept, ensuring everything you need is always within reach. Adding to its
charm, Pasadena Walk boasts a bustling hypermarket and an expansive 10,000 m? electronic
megastore, offering a seamless blend of everyday practicality and urban vibrancy.

| D) mal WSL Conceptualized by the world-renowned AEDAS, Pasadena Central District draws inspiration from
the world’s finest districts, blending modern design with green living, making it the epitome
of premium urban development.



= eee =
sc has se

PASADENA

CENTRAL DISTRICT

=. ES = ce de). here A NEW MEGA DISTRICT
nt ee ES —, | ee ok = a. . AT THE MOST STRATEGIC LOCATION
es S a ie = | oe L¢ a eS, IN GADING SERPONG
| == 2 -
aacmiaincaasace On Gading Serpong's
4O Ha Main Boulevard,

[and Ie eatejeg htt ashy eae Freep fe PSD Hf,

Surrounded by more than 20 clusters
i Fhe a premiere luflenp ee jhe: arpa

High-iraffic location High End Residentials
wade over 1.000 verlag poping. howdy nil Ppealfheg [ing (mee

Thematic Commercial

Conceptualized by “AEDAS”

i a poe tt
fhe i a he. Ada eal} fisous fing alobed wrlediare: aie fer Precafeeng
i



aN et - a ° * : i = : " ‘Pasadena |
P| LoVe jo me eS ms EE = il Grand Residences
ADENA be Na ee
SQUARE - ee Ba

2"¢ PHASE

r

Step into the next chapter of Pasadena Square, the First

mercial Hub at the heart of Pasadena Central District.
This vibrant commercial de: on is the go-to spot for culinary / a "
delights, fashion retail, and entertainment experiences. ’ { f ' Pasadena

r et

With an inviting alfreseo terrace, Pasadena Square offers
a different experience. Strategically located along the bustling
Gading Serpong Boulevard, it ensures efforiless access to BSD City
and beyonec.

Featuring a modem minimalist design and enhanced visibility
with dual facades, Pasadena Square offers adaptable spaces that
cater to diverse business

your brand in a thriving community.

NEW ACCESS

to BSD igs

GRAND
—— © PASADENA
— VILLAGE

PAU ie:


. i 7d — =
_ i = _ = -—
, sandal a eee
— ENTRANCE
es + 1* Phase
oe, are Commercial Lots Z * 50LD OUT
_.. * Foe :
, . i VILLAGE

| WEST
ENTRANCE

Main Boulevard
Gading Serpong

NEW ACCESS
to BSD

Za CAR FLOW re
Tar PEOPLE FLOW a ee y
¥

Tee ee
(rapide bales Fhaeeed | aecrriee an a a a pe em A a Ne Rg des mg rT

At Pasadena Square, connectivity is more than convenience—it's a lifestyle.
Designed to cater to both pedestrians and vehicles, this commercial hub ensures

S eam ] es S C O nn ee ct i vl ty effortless access fo all surrounding areas.

f 27 As the first commercial hub in Pasadena Central District, Pasadena Square offers

Ly f efporie
t , if OANA 1/4 , a unique blend of strategic location, unmatched accessibility, and limitless
ff: i j opportunities. Elevate your business with spaces that promise growth, success,

and a premium lifestyle,


PASADENA
SQUARE

& - i
_ {

Tie,

E
£
2S Aims ed daw

*

FZ wiere |i

= pay * pt i
ae rei 2 a
—— Ti 4 » 7 4
‘ be - : ‘
par i ca

——— -

Foeaimtyeintens [a 7,

&



PASADENA
SQUARE

2” PHASE

Pasadena

Step into the dynamic commercial hub at Pasadena Walk, a lively open-air space
perfect for a leisure stroll or a quick shopping spree, Pasadena Walk offers unique
pop-up stores along the pathways with a thematic garden. Immerse yourself

in an open-air environment filled with vibrant energy and unforgettable
experiences, Enjoy the best city life in one spot!

Artistic Ornament

ce Ar a aR EIRP SEH nF _ ingseg ed too nolo trans iiress ean re om nine Epa RNM TN PS
Mecencegtaanins' cose a ad rd ce * cee me EE ma tees Sen
—

=


Ls

Ariat eur hey ary ls nscale ft a eee FY Pee ii ersekl Hames nP
cg pa pgs Bar ila Ls el ls elle a pac



«OO


| PASADENA
SQUARE
;
' 2™ PHASE



Floor Plan
Single Facade | REGULAR TYPE

4,5x14

35 Floors

Land Area: 63m*
Building Area: 164m"

S
4,5x15

3 Floors

Land Area; 675m"
Building Area: 143m"

Ls
4,5x15

3 Floors - Corner

Land Area: 67,5m7
Building Area: 163m"

~ ltl...

Floor Plan

Single Facade | REGULAR TYPE

&
5,5x14

35 Floors

Land Area; 77m*
Building Area: 199m?

3,95x15

3 Floors

Land Area: @2,5m*
Building Area: T99m?
